---
title: "Client: Moving Company"
description: The client was a nationwide relocation and moving services company. They specialized on assembly, shipping, and dismantling of custom wood crates for high-valued goods.
featured_image: '/images/projects/clients/crates.jpg'
---

### The Client

The client was a nationwide relocation and moving services company. They specialized on assembly, shipping, and dismantling of custom wood crates for high-valued goods.

To achieve this, the client had a custom web app that technicians accessed on their phones to be dispatched to multiple locations throughout the day. Once on-site, the technicians would compare the packing list on the system to the items that needed to be packed.

### The Problem

Through a discovery process with users and stakeholders, it was uncovered that the current web app consisted on the following key issues:


* No off-line access
  * Low to non-connectivity for some areas where technicians were dispatched
* Cumbersome User Interface
  *
* Confusing user flow
* Poor partner adotion


### The Solution

* Off-line support


### My Role

I was the lead designer on the team along with a project manager, a tech lead, and two software engineers. My responsibilities consisted on coming up with a strategy for user research and the interface design for a cross-platform (iOS and Android) native app.

Collaborating with the project manager ensured that we had translated all the required features into user stories. These stories then could be estimated, prioritized and assigned accordingly.

Collaborating with the engineering team was key in assuring project success. The tech lead in the team recommended the appropriate technology and we worked closely together to validate the design against technical feasibility.

### My Approach


My design process:
* __Discovery__
  * Design workshops
  * Personas
* __Research__
  * User journeys
  * Contextual Interview
* __Design__
  * Wireframes
    * Low-fidelity mock-ups of how the app would look and behave
  * Design systems
    * design system that can be easily implemented and scalable
* __Prototype and Test__
  * Clickable Prototypes (_InVision_)
  * Prototype Testing (_Maze_)
* __Implement__
  * Test early versions on actual iOS and Android devices
  * Observe and measure usage
* __Iterate__
  * Gather feedback and data
  * Make design changes based on gathered insights



### Results

Technicians were eager to use the new tool. The client achieved record levels of compliance. Adoption by the client's partners has been outstanding.









